CIS-492-82A Senior Project

<h1>IWU ROOMMATE FINDER</h1>
<h5>Created by Cynthia Carter, Evan Sauers, and Joshua Schoonmaker</h5>

The purpose of the Indiana Wesleyan University Roommate Finder is to create a website application that allows the students of the university to find their ideal roommate. The current roommate survey process is outdated and ineffective. Our goal is to deevelop the webstie application to allow the user to create a profile, take the sruvey, and find their matches.

<h3>User Manual Documentation</h3><br>
<b>Login Screen</b><br>
<b>Signing In.</b> When on the login screen (see Figure 1), the student may sign in by entering a myIWU email and clicking ‘Next’. If the myIWU email is registered within the database, the user will be prompted to input their password in the field. By clicking the ‘Sign In’ button, the user will be redirected to the dashboard. Within the login feature, the user may click the ‘Trouble Signing In?’ link if they are having issues logging in. By clicking this link, the user will be prompted to recover their password by sending a recovery link to their provided email. By changing this email, the student will not be changing their myIWU password, but rather their IWU Roommate Finder password specifically. Also, based on their discretion, the housing department is able to input a Privacy Policy and Terms of Service if necessary.
<br><b>Signing Out.</b> To sign out of the IWU Roommate Finder Account, simply click the red ‘Sign Out’ button in the top left corner within the navigation bar. This will redirect the user to the login screen.
<b>Student Dashboard</b><br>
	The student dashboard is the homepage for the IWU Roommate Finder (see Figure 2). From this page, the student is able to access all of the IWU Roommate Finder’s features within one click away. Each student should follow the simple three-step process during the housing registration period to find a potential roommate for the next year: Create a profile, take the survey, and find a match.<br>
	<b>Create Profile.</b> First, the student will need to create an IWU Roommate Finder profile page. This profile allows other students to learn more information about the current user and potentially connect to the current user. To create a profile, click the ‘Profile’ link in the navigation bar. If the user does not have a profile created, they will be directed to the create profile screen (see Figure 3) allowing them to do so; however, if the user already has a profile created, then they will be directed to their profile page. On the create profile page, the user may upload a profile image from their computer using the profile image uploader. Simply choose a file and once the progress bar has fully loaded, the profile image has been uploaded. Next, the student should fill out the forms completely and click the ‘Submit’ button. After doing so, the user will be redirected to their newly created profile page. On the profile page, the student can view their profile image and information. To edit this information, the student may select the ‘Edit’ button to be directed back to the create profile screen.<br>
	<b>Take the Survey.</b> On the dashboard, one can easily take the survey by clicking the red ‘Take the Survey’ button in the middle panel of the page. This will redirect the user to the survey page (see Figure 4), where they can answer a variety of general, personality, and living condition questions. When the user has filled out the form completely, the student may click the ‘Submit’. This will redirect them to the matches page, or they can access their matches through the dashboard page by clicking ‘View Matches’.<br>
	<b>Find A Match.</b> Once the user has created a student profile and taken the preferences survey, they will be able to find matches. On the dashboard page, click the ‘View Matches’ button under the ‘Take the Survey’ button in the middle panel to be directed to the matches page. The user should be matched with other profiles that have taken the survey, and the matches page would populate with those users who have similarities with the current user. From there, the user can look at their matches’ profiles and connect with them to become potential roommates. Please note that this does not confirm the roommate, the user would have to add the connected match through the actual housing application. The purpose is to find roommates, not finalize roommates.
